ok ok is back in video beckham
that one day the bar so that I know how I go
change in bastia late to shot uncle effect
background had everything there what I need
for you how people can
manipulate once in your normal life
so let's go
basically life a critical sense and
comparative
that is, you will only observe the actress who
matter what pleases more
the other things do not seem you do not
You'll realize this, I did not get a guy.
has a channel on youtube that had music
curve to the face is fuck the guy has a flair
I'll never be the same, Papa, it 's not like that.
that works
Do you know how much the damage costs
wasting time here you know no
You know a lot of hot things you want to go
because I was focused on what to do
everybody make the new do everything
that is you will only compare things
good and the things you will not see the side
many things, things and people too
You know side good side you will not
observe
I'll give an example you look you are
11 the fight
think of a person fighting life
or not using this defense technique
but in a fight with several more enemies
new
Then you think again people surrounded by
friends using their defense technique
another example understood that saying you
have to be careful with the words
because normally your pipe task
here you think it's something out and
it's not mine
there are people who make the judgment leaves
basal boast I could close the
fucking business is not the same works by
example the person can make a
exchange went outside
I am happy walking around taking pictures
you manipulate our time who want
make ours that is very good to have
good points is mine too
only the person who was not told
for 30 hours had it the mattress
to sleep a shit she was not
eating evil that do not usually with
culture of the place if you do not go there
To post these things to you, it's just going to
show the good things is the human being
loves
Wow he loves it he will have a
Comparative not counting some money
even money that is the number too
love who is who has money he
like this
only that person has more server person
she has more fan she thinks that person me
I remember that the house itself causes
Mute just lost a lot of people following is the
Look at the year that changes you give another one.
person
people also have a tendency to think that
so everybody here is better than me
know more people what if you read it
know a person because it 's the logic
this person has more followers the chance
you find her better than
You find the staff is alone.
in a direct internet connection has
people also that manipulates in the head
so if I had a million
followers would be happy will change
if you have a billion people you
You do not know how to fill my bag giving your
life you change so what
difference makes the ball now you will be
a follower now what changes now only
because the other followed the beauty of course
that we do not let
Let's think one to one celebrity
for example, it has millions of followers
the person does not have privacy that is not
greater for example can a flop because
otherwise he'll have a shit asshole
crying there on that hill I go
wanting screaming arrives at us the person wants
privacy is also not going to leave
do not want to leave the bag the eurochannel
screaming back to find so strips
there's a staff there.
who does not see josue bald a little more
talk and you just think it's not that I do not
You are not required to hold you the
people
the first thing that a bug the parents
when you feel threatened what it is to attack
one does she think she is with
envy of things until they get better
she thinks others better
the first thing she does is attack there
is to hold on the floor a bag of josú repression
that in yours that starts to speak badly and
person has a son of a bitch she wants
people close to the company
she gets manipulated by people thinking
in a thing which looks with comes to be
Another Celebrity Business Visible
she is moody it is boring it is has
all my things except that person
manipulates in the head that you better
take a good thing from that person of the
celebrity and you want close to you alone
visit to the staff of the meat goals
neighbor only you get these things
good of her that even close to you
because it sucks you want to get the
interest in what is not logical
that doing nothing is nearby in there this
freedom is fuck neighbor will not be a
thing comes
summarizing just is not still shit
then to think about it because so
the name of the person is worth the average life
around better then or better
the neighbor's grass will see that life
It is not like this, it does not compare with
others do not stick with the product.
Do not compare until Tuesday.
traveled our travels
They made the bible of plant
has so much of the parcel has to pay
I think the car had a car is easy.
can pay him whole trembled person who
I paid, I just can not do it.
everything and everything does not happen does not give
to work to study is to do gym
of the case is 1800 per night is to paint
coloring book play video game is é
helping at home is caring for others
and much more economical was an expense that
he passed this video from light to
sign up for the channel if you have not
This is a brief commentary on his
video or here in the mailbox that is
in the description ok the side
between new social networks are only
to be note all actions or
get in touch and until the next
and I went